feat: Git sync - add first class support for CAs (#903)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: docs/modules/nifi/pages/usage_guide/custom-components.adoc

    The `password` field can either be an actual password (not recommended) or a GitHub token, as described in the {git-sync-docs}[git-sync documentation].
<8> A map of optional configuration settings that are listed in the {git-sync-docs}[git-sync documentation]. +
    These settings are not verified.
<9> Valid `git-config` settings can be passed here N.B. a warning will be triggered if both `http.sslCAInfo` is defined here and the field `caCertSecretName` is specified (as it maps onto the same config setting).

> <10> An optional reference to the SecretClass used for holding CA certificates that will be used to verify the git server's TLS certificate by passing it to the git config option `http.sslCAInfo` passed with the gitsync command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<10> Optional name of a SecretClass for certificate authorities. These CAs will verify the git server's certificate when running git sync operations.
```
